Update Kyverno PolicyExceptions docs (#1859)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/advanced/security-policy-enforcement/index.md

Noteworthy pieces of this example:

> - Kyverno policy rules are usually written at the Pod level. For convenience, Kyverno automatically generates equivalent rules for Pod controllers like Deployments and DaemonSets. Such rules are prefaced with the value `autogen-` and added to the policy automatically (two such rules are visible in the example). When writing a `PolicyException`, any applicable `autogen` rules must also be listed if a workload should be exempt from them.
> - When listing resource kinds in a `PolicyException`, every subresource controller must be listed. For example: If a Policy is written at the CronJob level, then the Job and Pod controllers need to be explicitly defined in the `PolicyException`. The same happens with Deployments, where the ReplicaSet and Pod controllers will need to be excluded too.

Reviewer: These could almost just be combined since they're two sides of the same behavior, but minor suggestion with them as-is:
```suggestion
- Kyverno policy rules are usually written at the Pod level. For convenience, Kyverno automatically generates equivalent rules for Pod controllers like Deployments and DaemonSets. Such rules are prefaced with the value `autogen-` and added to the policy automatically (two such rules are visible in the example). When writing a `PolicyException`, any applicable `autogen` rules must also be listed if a workload should be exempt from them.
- Similarly, when listing resource kinds to be matched in a `PolicyException`, every subresource controller must be listed as well. For example: If a Policy is written at the CronJob level (and autogen policies are enabled for it), then the Job and Pod resources created from the CronJob also need to be explicitly matched in the `PolicyException`. The same happens with Deployments, where the ReplicaSet and Pod controllers will need to be excluded as well.
```
